Update GIOS docs to remove information about the measuring station ID (#37835)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/gios.markdown

The `gios` integration uses the [GIOŚ](http://powietrze.gios.gov.pl/pjp/current) web service as a source for air quality data for your location.

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

{% configuration_basic %}
Measuring station:
  description: "Select a measuring station from the list."
Name:

>   description: "Service name in Home Assistant, by default this is the name of your Home Assistant instance e.g. Home."

Author: ```suggestion
  description: "Service name in Home Assistant, by default, this is the name of your Home Assistant instance e.g. Home."
```

>   description: "Service name in Home Assistant, by default, this is the name of your Home Assistant instance e.g. Home."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: "Service name in Home Assistant, by default, this is the name of your Home Assistant instance. For example `Home`."
```
